Closes #473 (#476)
Roche/crmPack: NEWS.md

# Version 1.0.9000.9130

> * Added new function `ngrid` that returns a number of doses in grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new function `ngrid` that returns the number of doses in the dose grid.
```
